Modeler renaming (#721)
camunda-cloud/camunda-cloud-documentation: docs/components/modeler/desktop-modeler/element-templates/defining-templates.md

> *Feel Inputs are currently not supported for Camunda Platform element templates.*

Reviewer: This was missed. It shall be `Camunda Platform 7 element templates`

<Tabs groupId="bindings" defaultValue="both" values={
[

> {label: 'Bindings for Camunda Platform or Camunda Platform 8', value: 'both', },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{label: 'Bindings for Camunda Platform 7 and 8', value: 'both', },
```

> {label: 'Bindings for Camunda Platform', value: 'platform', },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{label: 'Bindings for Camunda Platform', value 7: 'platform', },
```

Reviewer: Ups, here I meant
```
{label: 'Bindings for Camunda Platform 7', value 7: 'platform', },
```

<Tabs groupId="scopes" defaultValue="platformScopes" values={
[

> {label: 'Scoped bindings for Camunda Platform', value: 'platformScopes', },

Reviewer: This was also missed. Camunda Platform becomes `Camunda Platform 7`
